Woof, it is rough out there.
Getting cold?
No, it's Los Angeles.
It’s 78 degrees.
I just mean the world...
It feels like...
It’s exhausting... expensive?
Exactly.
In that case, I've got just
the gift to cheer you up.
My Netflix show.
A Man On The Inside.
I know I love this show.
Yeah.
It's funny and it's heartfelt
and it's got a great cast.
I hear Season Two,
they added, Mary Steenburgen.
Do you know her?
Yeah, very funny.
Actually, I'm wonderful in this.
Season Two is out right now and it's got
even more mystery and more laughs.
It's just the thing to lift your spirits.
That sounds perfect.
Oh, and I have a gift for you as well.
Hmm.
Nobody Wants This.
Wants what?
No.
Nobody Wants This...
That's the name of my show.
I know.
I love your show.
It's sharp, romantic comedy with sizzling chemistry.
You...
Thank you.
Well, Season Two is also out now,
so that's two great shows
you can watch with
your friends and family.
Or with a hot Rabbi.
Sure.
Give yourself a little gift
for the holiday.
You deserve it.
Because ‘Tis The Season 2.